---
location: Pomeroys, 292 Kilmore Street, Christchurch
time: 7:00pm
title: Tales of Technical Trickery

---

Greetings fine citizens of the Ruby nation! tl;dr below.

Updated Speaker List:

Malc Locke — 10 shell secrets that will change your life FOREVER!!!
Pete Nicholls — Ruby tricks
Daniel Fone — HTML5 Forms: One More Strike Against The Javascript Fad
Kale Worsley — PHP*
Graham Wagener — Freemium Tools as a Service
Sam Jarman — Uni, Students, Industry and Community
Nick Butcher — Bayes Theorem

* I'm not sure if we're being trolled here or not. O_o

---

We'll be meeting at 7pm on Thursday 19th June at our usual spot in Catalyst's office above Pomerorys. If you're coming early, I believe they're offering half-priced Four Avenues pints from 5–6pm, and I am currently suing them for even better terms.

There will be free beer* for anyone who wants to volunteer 5 minutes of their time to speak — beer that can be imbibed pre- or post-talk, depending on the courage of the speaker. We'd like to aim for strictly 5 minute talks, and since nothing of any importance can be said in 5 minutes, no-one needs to take themselves too seriously.

Suggested subjects

* The Most Pointless New Feature In Rails 4.1
* The Greatest Gem You Never Knew Existed
* Trolling Open Source Maintainers For Fun And Profit [bonus points for live PRs]
* Swift® and the Future of Web Development

If you find yourself inspired by these or other topics (and we'd really love to hear you speak!) just hit reply and let us know.

tl;dr Thu 19th. 7pm. Above Pomeroy's. 5 minute talks. Please give a talk.

Thanks!

Daniel

* Or an equivalent beverage of your choice
